[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended
to win a tournament
that promised the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when Law
was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to the
palace to save him.
Meanwhile, at the coliseum,
the final battle of the
tournament is underway.
It's finally here--the match
you've all been waiting for!
It'll be a five-man
battle royale,
including our hero, Diamante!
They must avoid the wrath
of the deadly fighting fish
and scramble to
snag the treasure!
Who among these fighters
will lay claim
to the Flame Flame Fruit?
Listen up, men!
Get ready for a full-scale
charge on my command!
Cyborg Franky must be captured,
and if you can't do that,
then we'll turn the
bastard into scrap!
The Navy talks a big game,
but let's see how
much they can do.
[FRANKY] Don't worry,
I'm not runnin' away!
Smile! [laughs]
C'mon! Don't get shy on
me now, boys. Let's party.
Anyway, we know
she loves grapes.
She's eats them constantly.
And why do I care?
We have a plan,
and a secret weapon!
Looks like a grape but it's
a clump of Tatababasco.
It's the hottest spice
in the world!
Hold on, you're gonna
make her eat it?
[LEO] We just have to
sneak it into the basket!
We will save our friends
and Dressrosa as well!
[DWARVES cheering]
I told you, you're too loud!
King Riku will claim
this kingdom once more!
[DWARVES cheer]
[LUFFY] "Dragon Claw Strikes!
Lucy's Intimidating Attack!"
[LEO] With this fake grape
made out of Tatababasco,
I'm gonna knock her out!
[LEO]
I'm coming for you, Sugar!
[USOPP] I wonder if I should
even stick around to see
what kind of guy
this Executive is.
Yup. Looks scary.
Not tangling with that.
Huh?
[TREBOL yells]
[TOYS gasp]
[screams] He shot right
through the wall!
[gasps]
[SUGAR]
What was it?
[TREBOL]
Umm...
I see.
[TREBOL]
Just a fly.
[TREBOL laughs]
[DWARF A]
He sniped a fly?
[USOPP]
This guy's insane!
He just blew a giant
hole in the wall
like it's an everyday thing!
If that's the kind of
firepower he used for a fly,
think about what he
would do to a human!
A human like me!
[TREBOL laughing]
[USOPP] Please reconsider!
We can still bail!
[LEO grunts]
[USOPP] Or we can rush
to our deaths. Sure.
Leo! Good luck!
Thanks! I got this!
No room for failure!
Operation SOP is a go!
[LEO] He might be able to
shoot a fly midair but not me!
I'm faster!
[USOPP]
Dang, Leo's pretty quick!
Maybe he can pull this off!
[LEO] We'll rescue our captured
compatriots, no matter what!
--[DWARF B] Go!
--[DWARF C] Come on, Leo!
[DWARF D]
You can do it!
[USOPP]
Please! Let this plan work!
[LEO yelling]
[USOPP, DWARVES]
Come on.
[ROBIN grunts]
Leo, wait.
[LEO gasping]
[LEO]
Huh...?
[CROWD cheering]
And another ruthless
Fighting Fish wants in.
Oh! It's on now!
It's closing in on Burgess!
Did that blood-thirsty fish
catch him off guard?
He isn't flinching!
Perhaps he's paralyzed in fear!
Is this the end of the line
for "The Champion"?
[BURGESS chuckles]
[BURGESS grunting]
C'mon, fishy!
Shockwave Elbow!
[CROWD screaming]
Ahhh... The power!
[GYATS] The whole coliseum
is feeling that one!
Hm? Ahh! That ripped a
massive hole in the stands!
His special move,
the "Shockwave Elbow,"
certainly leaves us all
quaking in our boots!
[GYATS] Hailing from the
Blackbeard Pirate Crew,
he's one of their
"Ten Titanic Captains"!
Jesus Burgess has just
shown us firsthand
he's truly a force of nature!
[BURGESS laughs]
[CROWD chattering]
[REBECCA]
He's dangerous.
[BURGESS laughing]
[GYATS] Looks like another
Fighting Fish had reared
its ugly fin! I wonder
who he's got his eyes on!
Oh! Take a look at that!
It's the fish marked "01"
carrying the much lusted
after treasure chest!
[gasps]
There it is.
--[REBECCA gasps]
--[BURGESS grunts]
[DIAMANTE grunts]
[GYATS] He's locked on
Bartolomeo! Just kidding!
Our fish fiend has
had a change of plans!
Who is he going for?
Are you folks seeing this?
It appears the other Fighting
Fish are backing up "01"!
It's gonna be a battle of
man versus fish out here!
Who will become chums?
Who will become the chum?
[BURGESS] These fish are
beggin' for some elbows!
Just try me.
[DIAMANTE] You have the gall
to charge at me? It's on.
And here they come.
Not today, fish.
See? Didn't I warn ya?
[DIAMANTE grunts]
[GYATS]
Just who is "01" targeting?
Oh! It's going for Rebecca!
It's the survival
of the fittest!
We're about to witness how
the natural world
weeds out the weak!
It must have been seeking
her out from the get-go!
I need to cut
the chain at least!
[REBECCA yelps]
Nice! I've gotcha now!
Think again!
[laughs] It's mine!
[GYATS]
Here comes a fearsome face-off
between Lucy and Diamante!
[DIAMANTE]
Straw Hat!
[DIAMANTE gasps]
[BURGESS]
Don't forget about me!
[SABO]
Huh?
[BURGESS] I'll knock you and
that fish out in one shot!
Get ready. That Flame Flame
fruit belongs to me!
Run! Burgess is
prepping the elbow!
[CROWD shouting]
[MAN D]
He's gonna blast us again!
My barrier isn't here
to protect you!
Not gonna run, Lucy?
[BURGESS grunting]
Shockwave, comin' up!
Eat this... Dragon Claw!
[BURGESS grunts]
[BURGESS grunting]
[CROWD cheering]
[WOMAN A]
Lucy!
[BURGESS grunts]
[GYATS]
Well, I'll be damned!
Burgess's armor has
shattered into pieces!
How bad ass!
I'm so proud of you!
Don't wanna give me the fruit?
That's what you get.
I'm not gonna lose.
Seems like his fighting
style changed suddenly.
Did Straw Hat swap
with somebody else?
[REBECCA gulps]
[REBECCA] This is scary.
They're all leagues above me.
This is nothing like the kind of
match you're accustomed to!
You'll end up dead!
There's a long way to go!
[REBECCA] I have to attack
like I'm willing to kill,
or else I have no
chance of winning.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Hm?
[REBECCA] I have no choice.
I must do this!
[REBECCA]
For you, Soldier!
[REBECCA grunts]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C groans]
Yeah! You showed 'em, Commander!
Now that we control the lift,
we can start the next phase!
[LAO G] I see you have
some fighting spirit.
[ALL]
Huh...?
Ahh! Oh, no. It can't be!
[LAO G] So you've hijacked the
lift, have you? To what end?
I'll defeat Doflamingo, so King
Riku may reclaim the throne!
[LAO G laughs]
Ridiculous!
[LAO G yelling]
[yelling]
[CUB]
Commander! You bastard!
Cub! No!
[CUB groaning]
He's too fast for me to see!
[laughing]
You hopeless little fools!
This old man too quick for you?
If you must know,
I'll clue you in.
[CUB]
Commander! You bastard!
[LAO G]
Hm?
[CUB yelps]
That's what happened.
We really didn't expect any
Executives to take the lift.
[laughing]
When I received an order
to protect the entrance
to the Toy House,
I got a little mixed up.
I accidently rode the
lift all the way down.
So I waited at the trade
port floor until I could
ride it up again. Took
a bit but I got back on.
Now I'm here taking it to get
back to the Ground floor!
Floor G!
[LAO G] I won't let you anywhere
near the palace, infiltrators!
[TOY SOLDIER panting]
No!
We won't be stopped!
[grunting] Y-You guys
still okay down there?
[ZORO grunting]
Yes. Just barely.
You two brace yourselves.
Got an idea.
[ZORO growls]
[LUFFY grunts]
[VIOLET gasps]
Gum-Gum... Storm!
This guy's a pain!
[ZORO]
I'll handle this!
What the...?
[VIOLET, LUFFY gasping]
[ZORO gasps]
[LUFFY]
What's he doing now?!
[ZORO]
Dammit. What a pain in the ass.
One hundred-eight...
Caliber Phoenix!
Gum-Gum... Gatling!
[ZORO] I don't think hitting him
like that's gonna work.
[KIN'EMON screaming]
[KIN'EMON]
Do my eyes betray me?
The staircase that once
was running downwards
is now leading us up
to the heavens?
How can this be?
[sighs] Good. Finally!
Please explain yourself!
Were we not supposed to follow
these stairs underground
to arrive at the Toy House?
First, they led us upward,
and now we are stopped short!
Which means we can turn
around and go the right way!
Elaborate, please.
Is your top knot too tight?
For us to go below,
we have to go up to
the palace first
and then take the lift down!
It's the only way
for us to get in!
[KIN'EMON] We have to ascend
to descend? That's insanity!
That suggests we never had to
split apart from Sir Luffy!
Right! We didn't!
Why did you withhold
wisdom from me?
Look! I tried to tell you!
To get underground you--
[KIN'EMON]
Stay safe little one!
If you were to tumble out,
I would be wandering
these grounds
for what could be an eternity.
You must be my guide!
[WICKA muffled screaming]
I knew better and you
didn't listen to me!
All of you guys are such
insufferable blockheads!
Hey now!
No, no. We should settle
this debate afterwards.
[grunts] We must
head back for now.
No, wait! We have
a small problem.
Huh?
Even if we do make it
over to the lift somehow,
security's tight!
While I'm sure I can sneak on
without anybody noticing,
it'll hard to hide
someone your size.
That is unless they were unable
to discern my actual identity!
And poof!
[gasping]
[KIN'EMON chuckles]
[WICKA whimpering]
[WICKA]
What?!
[MARINES screaming]
[laughs] Too easy!
I'm disappointed.
No one could take him out?
Oh, boy! Looks like I'm
about to reel in a big one!
Prepare yourself,
Cyborg Franky!
[FRANKY grunting]
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE A]
You're the man, Vice Admiral!
[DELLINGER] Huh? Why'd
no one tell me the Navy
came out to play? So? What's up?
Please don't tell me I missed
all the fun already!
Super!
[BASTILLE grunts]
[MARINES]
No way!
[DELLINGER gasps]
I thought you were gonna
attack me. I'm still waitin'.
You're a stubborn one.
[FRANKY laughs] If you're not
gonna make a move, then I will.
And you're in store for
double pay back, pal.
Here it comes!
Ready? Coup de Vent!
[MARINES gasping]
[SEÑOR]
Ya know, my gut told me
we couldn't leave
this to the Navy.
Oh, goodie! Do you think
I can get in there?
It's a mistake to get cocky.
Huh? Who do you think you are?!
[SEÑOR] Look at that cyborg's
choice of clothing.
He's a pervert cut from
the same cloth as you.
[DELLINGER grumbles]
He's all strength and no pants.
Uh...?
[WOMEN] Oh, Señor!
You're so hard-boiled!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Go! Run for it!
Man, he doesn't give up!
[ZORO grunts]
[VIOLET gasps]
We're trapped!
Luffy, take Violet
and go on ahead.
[BOTH grunt]
Leave this stone bastard to me.
You go kick Doflamingo's ass
extra hard for me, okay?
[ZORO] Now get goin' already.
I got work to do!
[NARRATOR] Under the command
of the fearless hero Usoland,
the Little People break in,
hoping to overpower Sugar
and the intimidating
abilities granted to her
by the Hobby Hobby Fruit.
This fight could end in
either joy or devastation.
Regardless, the battle
soon hurtles
toward its harrowing climax!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Defeat Sugar! The Army of
the Little People Charges!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!